title:: 2022/10/19

- [[92_job_Newjob]]
- 104投遞公司時的罐頭信
  
  貴公司人資，您好：
  
  我是蕭翔文，畢業於台灣大學財務金融學系。工作經驗包含(由新至舊)：
  1. 股權激勵金融平台公司核聚集團--資料分析師
  2. 醫療顧問公司采鋐整合集團--營運暨財務專員
  3. 新媒體直播平台17直播--營運長特助
  4. 國際臨床試驗公司Parexel--專案財務專員
  
  過往工作中，著重於數據分析、資料視覺化呈現以及資源管理分配等面向，工作中有大量撰寫SQL腳本及EXCEL VBA的經驗，此外，有額外進修程式能力，包含Python以及tableau等課程，並取得Google於Coursera上兩堂課程證照(Google Data Analytics, Google IT Support)，另外對產品週期生態、軟體專案管理等領域知識皆有透過線上課程持續精進，希望能有機會更深入瞭解這個工作機會，謝謝。
  
  以下為我的電話及信箱，請隨時與我聯繫，謝謝。
  電話：0937781292
  信箱：erichsiao24@gmail.com
- AFTEE 應徵動機
  
  過往分析經驗，財務相關背景 ，
  Fintech 在台灣是藍海
  交易量大資料量大，迭代出來才看得見數據分析的成效
- AFTEE Cover Letter
  
  To whom it may concern,
          I am Eric, with a bachelor’s degree in finance from National Taiwan University. I am writing this letter to express my interest in Reeracoen's posting on 104 website for the Data Analyst position. I consider myself a goal-oriented and self-motivated person, and I am excited to showcase my comprehensive competency with you.
  
          I worked as a data analyst for one of the biggest ESOP service distributor companies in Asia. I was responsible for digging into user needs and turning their thoughts into reality by writing SQL scripts. I conducted customized stock-based compensation reports for key customers, such as JD Group, Meituan, and DiDi. In addition, since the data processing procedure was not well-standardized, I designed the automated workflow to ensure efficiency in the following maintenance.
  
           I started out my career as a financial specialist and have taken several business positions, which equip myself with solid foundation of EXCEL Macro, EXCEL VBA, Tableau, and Canva, excellent presentation skills, and cross-functional communication in teamwork. Even though after a career change, besides writing codes primarily, I tend to pay close attention to project needs.
  
          As an online shopaholic and an early adopter of fintech products, I noticed the debut of AFTEE's "Buy Now, Pay Later"  on Pchome in 2019 and then tried it immediately. The smooth user experience impressed me, and deep down I believe the product will achieve technological breakthrough in Taiwan. I am eager to bring my analytical capability along with the thorough understanding of fintech regulations to your esteemed company.
  
          I believe my personal traits, qualifications, and work experience make me a suitable candidate for the position. I am looking forward to knowing more about this opportunity and I will be happy to answer more questions.
  
  Sincerely,
  Eric Hsiao
- AFTEE 資料分析應用
          In my working experience, I'm always focusing on raw data reliability and report sustainability(even I leave the job, I guarantee the colleague could take it over). Without accurate data, reports may mislead the readers. Also, without processing reports under a SOP and comparing the data regularly, no more key factors may be discovered and no insights may be inspired.
  
          As a Project Financial Support Specialist in PAREXEL International Co., Ltd, I operated project data into Oracle database via excel skills such as Excel VBA and Excel Macro. Later, in MediaWind Health Group, I set a coherent auto-check excel process for colleague's regular accounting audit by Excel functions and Excel VBA as well. For CEO's review, I standardized and then integrated sales data from 4 subsidiaries and built a combined financial report by Tableau. Last but not the least, in The Core Group, I write SQL scripts and set up triggers and stored procedure to fulfill the report automation process.
- SAMPLE
  John Doe
  New York, U.S.
  C. 123-456-7890 
  john.doe@gmail.com
  LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/JohnDoe
  CakeResume: www.cakeresume.com/JohnDoe
  
  Dear Ms. Jane,
  I am John, with a bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in computer science from Harvard University. I am writing this letter to express my interest in your posting on LinkedIn for the Software Engineer position. I consider myself a highly-focused and self-motivated person, and I am excited with the opportunity to showcase my technical skills with your company.
  I have been engaging in various software projects while serving as a front-end engineer in a renowned web development company, and realized the importance of on-the-job training. The on-the-job education program with your company is very appealing for me, and I believe I am enabled to grow my skill and expertise further while working with you. In the meanwhile, I would like to bring my experience and knowledge to your company. 
  During my previous role at the web development company, I was responsible for implementing visual elements of website interface backgrounds, button, and other features to the users. I cooperated smoothly with UI/UX designers & back-end engineers, and I have been self-studying graphic design skills via online courses. I revamped the website interface for on-page communication system and attract 100,000+ users within 2 months. Also, I optimized automated images and led to 40 % reduction of page load times. I am proficient in React, Redux, HTML & CSS, and am familiar with UI design tools like Sketch & Zeplin.
  I am thrilled at the opportunity to leverage my expertise and skill with your company. The document attached is my resume, and feel free to contact me anytime via mobile and email if you have any questions. I am looking forward to speaking with you for more detail of this opportunity. Thank you for your time and consideration.
  Sincerely,
  John Doe